1 A continuing series of protests throughout the country started on 28 December 2010, inspired by similar protests across the Middle East and North Africa. 
2 On 24 February 2011, the government lifted Algeria's 19-year-old state of emergency. 
3 The government enacted legislation dealing with political parties, the electoral code, and the representation of women in elected bodies. 
4 In April 2011, Bouteflika promised further constitutional and political reform. 
5 However, elections are routinely criticized by opposition groups as unfair and international human rights groups say that media censorship and harassment of political opponents continue.
6 Video games.
7 Few high-quality studies address long-term prognosis. 
8 Some adults show modest improvement in communication skills, but a few decline; no study has focused on autism after midlife. 
9 Acquiring language before age six, having an IQ above 50, and having a marketable skill all predict better outcomes; independent living is unlikely with severe autism. 
10 Most people with autism face significant obstacles in transitioning to adulthood.
11 Leucothea was daughter of Orchamus and sister of Clytia. 
12 She fell in love with Apollo who disguised himself as Leucothea's mother to gain entrance to her chambers. 
13 Clytia, jealous of her sister because she wanted Apollo for herself, told Orchamus the truth, betraying her sister's trust and confidence in her. Enraged, Orchamus ordered Leucothea to be buried alive. 
14 Apollo refused to forgive Clytia for betraying his beloved, and a grieving Clytia wilted and slowly died. 
15 Apollo changed her into an incense plant, either heliotrope or sunflower, which follows the sun every day.
16 In the United States Supreme Court cases of "Baker v. Carr" (1962) and "Reynolds v. Sims" (1964), the court ruled ruled that the principle of "one man, one vote" needed to be the basis of both houses of state legislatures as well, and that their districts had to be based on population, rather than geographic counties, as Alabama had used for its senate.
17 16 *kVn- "Co-wife" Semitic, Berber, Chadic 
18 randomization-based analysis assumes only the homogeneity of the 
19 Adobe walls are load bearing, i.e. they carry their own weight into the foundation rather than by another structure, hence the adobe must have sufficient compressive strength. 
20 In the United States, most building codes call for a minimum compressive strength of 300 lbf/in2 (2.07 newton/mm2) for the adobe block. 
21 Adobe construction should be designed so as to avoid lateral structural loads that would cause bending loads. 
22 The building codes require the building sustain a 1 g lateral acceleration earthquake load. 
23 Such an acceleration will cause lateral loads on the walls, resulting in shear and bending and inducing tensile stresses. 
24 To withstand such loads, the codes typically call for a tensile modulus of rupture strength of at least 50 lbf/in2 (0.345 newton/mm2) for the finished block.
25 Homer's "Iliad" is the most famous narrative of Achilles' deeds in the Trojan War. 
26 Achilles' wrath (μῆνις Ἀχιλλέως, "mênis Achilléōs") is the central theme of the poem. 
27 The first two lines of the "Iliad" read: In geometry, capital A, B, C etc. are used to denote segments, lines, rays, etc. 
28 A capital A is also typically used as one of the letters to represent an angle in a triangle, the lowercase a representing the side opposite angle A.
29 The form of home automation called assistive domotics focuses on making it possible for elderly and disabled people to live independently. 
30 Home automation is becoming a viable option for the elderly and disabled who would prefer to stay in their own homes rather than move to a healthcare facility. 
31 This field uses much of the same technology and equipment as home automation for security, entertainment, and energy conservation but tailors it towards elderly and disabled users. 
32 For example, automated prompts and reminders utilize motion sensors and pre-recorded audio messages; an automated prompt in the kitchen may remind the resident to turn off the oven, and one by the front door may remind the resident to lock the door.
33 In this region, midday desert temperatures can be hot year round. 
34 After sunset, however, the clear, dry air permits rapid loss of heat, and the nights are cool to chilly. 
35 Enormous daily ranges in temperature are recorded.
36 In May 2011, the Academy sent a letter advising its 6,000 or so voting members that an online system for Oscar voting would be implemented in 2013.
37 Adobe around the world.
38 In Euripides' play "Ion", Apollo fathered Ion by Creusa, wife of Xuthus. 
39 Creusa left Ion to die in the wild, but Apollo asked Hermes to save the child and bring him to the oracle at Delphi, where he was raised by a priestess.
40 In fact, in an experiment published in March 2007 at the University of Southern California neuroscientist Antonio R. Damasio and his colleagues showed that subjects with damage to the ventromedial prefrontal cortex lack the ability to empathically feel their way to moral answers, and that When confronted with moral dilemmas, these brain-damaged patients coldly came up with "end-justifies-the-means" answers, leading Damasio to conclude that the point was not that they reached immoral conclusions, but that when they were confronted by a difficult issue - in this case as whether to shoot down a passenger plane hijacked by terrorists before it hits a major city - these patients appear to reach decisions without the anguish that afflicts those with normally functioning brains. 
41 According to Adrian Raine, a clinical neuroscientist also at the University of Southern California, one of this study's implications is that society may have to rethink how it judges immoral people: "Psychopaths often feel no empathy or remorse. 
42 Without that awareness, people relying exclusively on reasoning seem to find it harder to sort their way through moral thickets. 
43 Does that mean they should be held to different standards of accountability?"
44 Stronger acids have a larger "K"a and a more negative p"K"a than weaker acids.
45 Apollo also had a lyre-playing contest with Cinyras, his son, who committed suicide when he lost.
46 Personal life.
47 Personal life.
48 Conservation.
49 Conservation.
50 Conservation.
51 Since Rand's death, interest in her work has gradually increased. 
52 Historian Jennifer Burns has identified "three overlapping waves" of scholarly interest in Rand, the most recent of which is "an explosion of scholarship" since the year 2000. 
53 However, few universities currently include Rand or Objectivism as a philosophical specialty or research area, with many literature and philosophy departments dismissing her as a pop culture phenomenon rather than a subject for serious study.
54 There are no generally accepted relations between Afroasiatic and any other language family. 
55 However, several proposals grouping Afroasiatic with one or more other language families have been made. 
56 The best-known of these are the following: The first person to fly on an entirely privately funded mission was Mike Melvill, piloting SpaceShipOne flight 15P on a suborbital journey, although he was a test pilot employed by Scaled Composites and not an actual paying space tourist. 
57 Seven others have paid the Russian Space Agency to fly into space: One component of Aristotle's theory of dreams disagrees with previously held beliefs. 
58 He claimed that dreams are not foretelling and not sent by a divine being. 
59 Aristotle reasoned naturalistically that instances in which dreams do resemble future events are simply coincidences. 
60 Aristotle claimed that a dream is first established by the fact that the person is asleep when they experience it. If a person had an image appear for a moment after waking up or if they see something in the dark it is not considered a dream because they were awake when it occurred. 
61 Secondly, any sensory experience that is perceived while a person is asleep does not qualify as part of a dream. 
62 For example, if, while a person is sleeping, a door shuts and in their dream they hear a door is shut, this sensory experience is not part of the dream. 
63 Lastly, the images of dreams must be a result of lasting impressions of waking sensory experiences.
64 The Annie Award is another award presented for excellence in the field of animation. 
65 Unlike the Academy Awards, the Annie Awards are only received for achievements in the field of animation and not for any other field of technical and artistic endeavor. 
66 They were re-organized in 1992 to create a new field for Best Animated feature. 
67 The 1990s winners were dominated by Walt Disney, however, newer studios, led by Pixar & DreamWorks, have now begun to consistently vie for this award. 
68 The list of awardees is as follows: In France, the study of Western societies has been traditionally left to sociologists, but this is increasingly changing, starting in the 1970s from scholars like Isac Chiva and journals like "Terrain" ("fieldwork"), and developing with the center founded by Marc Augé ("Le Centre d'anthropologie des mondes contemporains", the Anthropological Research Center of Contemporary Societies).
69 Albedo: On September 16, 1969, the three astronauts spoke before a joint session of Congress on Capitol Hill. 
70 They presented two US flags, one to the House of Representatives and the other to the Senate, that had been carried to the surface of the Moon with them. 
71 The flag of American Samoa which was brought to the moon by Apollo 11 is on display at the Jean P. Haydon Museum in Pago Pago, the capital of American Samoa.
72 In America, agriculture has been identified by the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health as a priority industry sector in the National Occupational Research Agenda to identify and provide intervention strategies for occupational health and safety issues.
73 The border between Asia and Europe was historically defined by European academics. 
74 The Don River became unsatisfactory to northern Europeans when Peter the Great, king of the Tsardom of Russia, defeating rival claims of Sweden and the Ottoman Empire to the eastern lands, and armed resistance by the tribes of Siberia, synthesized a new Russian Empire extending to the Ural Mountains and beyond, founded in 1721. 
75 The major geographical theorist of the empire was actually a former Swedish prisoner-of-war, taken at the Battle of Poltava in 1709 and assigned to Tobolsk, where he associated with Peter's Siberian official, Vasily Tatishchev, and was allowed freedom to conduct geographical and anthropological studies in preparation for a future book.
76 Although blind students have benefited from talking calculators, the abacus is still very often taught to these students in early grades, both in public schools and state schools for the blind. 
77 The abacus teaches mathematical skills that can never be replaced with talking calculators and is an important learning tool for blind students. 
78 Blind students also complete mathematical assignments using a braille-writer and Nemeth code (a type of braille code for mathematics) but large multiplication and long division problems can be long and difficult. 
79 The abacus gives blind and visually impaired students a tool to compute mathematical problems that equals the speed and mathematical knowledge required by their sighted peers using pencil and paper. 
80 Many blind people find this number machine a very useful tool throughout life.
81 After the Union rout at Bull Run, the first major battle of the Civil War, and the retirement of the aged Winfield Scott in late 1861, Lincoln appointed Major General George B. McClellan general-in-chief of all the Union armies. 
82 McClellan, a young West Point graduate, railroad executive, and Pennsylvania Democrat, took several months to plan and attempt his Peninsula Campaign, longer than Lincoln wanted. 
83 The campaign's objective was to capture Richmond by moving the Army of the Potomac by boat to the peninsula and then overland to the Confederate capital. 
84 McClellan's repeated delays frustrated Lincoln and Congress, as did his position that no troops were needed to defend Washington. 
85 Lincoln insisted on holding some of McClellan's troops in defense of the capital; McClellan, who consistently overestimated the strength of Confederate troops, blamed this decision for the ultimate failure of the Peninsula Campaign.
86 formula_12 and
