1)	a. Constraint grammar can be used effectively to analyse different corpuses on a specific language if they have the same tagset and achieves a basic F-score usually over 90% (Bick, 2011).
b. They do not need a detailed tagset (with additional features specified) as CG systems to work properly and achieve satisfactory results.
2) 	Yes, by voting or implementing functions inside them. Using a small CG with 40 rules and only heuristic assignment of PoS and inflexion, Bick achieved 94.6 F-score for English. EngCG-2 system also integrate heuristic methods to improve accuracy.
3)	English sentences can have many problems regarding that. “I bet this can be done quickly” (verb) vs “A bet was placed on the strongest team” (noun) is an example as names and verbs can have the same formulation as a word. We can analyse the probability through a Markov Chain (HMM parsers) and we expect to have a personal pronoun before the verb (or a (DET) for the infinitive to), or we can formulate rules to eliminate that in a Constraint Grammar system.
4) We are in front of multiclass taggers (every POS is a class) where every class can take a binary value (correct or not). First, summing all the values for all categories will ignore the distribution and relations of classes inside the tagger, therefore being ineffective. The best way would be to normalize the precision and recall metrics for the quantity of tags of a given class among all tags. Higher precision (less false positives) means we go “safer”, as we leave out rare occurrences, while higher recall (less false negatives) means we try to catch all the possible words in that category, with a bigger risk of getting also ambiguous words that can belong to other tags. This can maybe be fought in CG with more and more rules, while needs parameter fine tuning (or a better quality of train data) for HMM to be fixed. This is, anyway, the typical precision vs recall trade-off that we see in many tasks. Generally speaking, a safer choice can help improving the quality on downstream tasks.
5) Vino a una casa grande is a good example.
