Papers this Monday feature budget cuts to Finnwatch, a steep rise in oxycodone prescriptions and 'Giving Tuesday.' 9:35 Finnish Prime Minister Juha Sipilä represented Finland at an EU summit that approved an agreement for the UK to exit the 27-member bloc.
The 3,000-resident town of Sysmä in southern Finland began piloting a local digital currency in March and is now looking to introduce hard cash to replace it.
President Sauli Niinistö joined leading politicians and the family of Mauno Koivisto to unveil a monument in honour of the deceased president.
The situation was worst among women working in the public sector as well as among women in private sector service jobs.
Stock-listed firms confirmed Saturday evening that two top executives perished aboard the ill-fated flight on Friday.
Residents in Finland donated a record-breaking 200,000 euros in one day to Unicef's Black Friday campaign for children suffering from the crisis in Yemen.
Zimbabwean authorities on Saturday confirmed that four Finnish nationals and a pilot died on Friday morning when a small aircraft crashed.
An openly bisexual local Finns Party politician cites discrimination in his ousting from a Pentecostal congregation in Oulu.
Crisp sunshine is in store for Finland this weekend as meteorologists forecast a turnaround in Finnish Lapland’s unseasonably warm weather.
There's a reason why "Black Friday" sales seem to be at an all-time high in Finland this year. Retired rally driver Marcus Grönholm says it's all due to him.
The Finnish Foreign Ministry said it is aware of the reports but is awaiting confirmation of the victims' nationality.
Could a no-strings-attached monthly payment be a viable alternative to the current benefits jungle? We took a look at Finland's basic income trial.
Employee sources who largely wish to remain anonymous say that an "overload of work has led to hysteria" at Finland's Ministry of Social Affairs and Health.
Finland’s public health watchdog THL says 3,000 girls risk undergoing the procedure, which involves removal of all or some of the external female genitalia.
The Independent, a British online newspaper, on Friday exposed widespread animal suffering at Finnish fur centres.
In some areas half of foreigners are jobless, even though demographic projections show Finland needs more immigrants to shore up the dwindling labour force.
A Finnish high school health teacher’s brown bear portraits scoop up wildlife photography awards.
Opposition parties welcome a freeze on future arms exports to Saudi Arabia and the UAE, mixed messages on forced returns to Iraq and Finland's Black Friday.
Tour companies are cancelling trips to Lapland as the region sees an historic low level of snow cover.
The Foreign Ministry says the decision is primarily driven by the humanitarian disaster in Yemen and complies with EU guidelines.
Four Finns were arrested in Malaysia for distributing Christian materials, including Timo Valtonen, a campaign manager for a Finns Party MP.
The government and the automotive industry have agreed on an array of measures intended to cut transport emissions.
Construction of the flagpole, which is 100m tall - with a flag roughly the size of a basketball court - has already cost nearly 800,000 euros.
Movies and live music events – except opera – remain the most popular cultural events in Finland. Researchers cite a growing desire for genuine experiences.
Norwegian consumer goods conglomerate Orkla is offering to buy the Finnish-owned Kotipizza Group for 23 euros per share.
Local newspapers look at Black Friday sales forecasts, a ministry plan to give preferential treatment to busier motorways, and a workday with kids.
Finland began its presidency of the Council of Europe on Wednesday. Russia's status in the group will be on the agenda during Finland's half-year term.
Finnish residents are keen to order cheaper products from abroad, but taxes and duties on imported goods often cancel out any savings.
Lt Col Inka Niskanen, 44, is the highest ranking woman ever in the Finnish Defence Forces.
Officials closed a jobs data and labour exchange site after detecting a break-in. Police are investigating.
Russian businessman claims Finnish authorities took excessive measures in a September raid, calling it disproportionate for a white-collar crime investigation.
Authorities arrested the group on suspicion of distributing pamphlets containing Biblical verses.
The court dismissed charges of aggravated money laundering but convicted Rami Adham on several counts of fundraising crimes, forgery and other offences.
Central Finland police have confirmed that they are investigating the suspected rape of a 17-year-old girl in a case linked to 'sugar dating'.
Helsinki city police gear up for annual marches, cities weigh a later school start and recognition for two youngsters who helped another child in distress.
The councillor who proposed the motion, Emma Kari of the Greens, said she was surprised at the moralising tone of the public debate on letting teenagers sleep later in the morning.
Construction firm Skanska has said that it will repair the collapsed ceiling at a school in Loviisa that was built by the company just four years ago.
Banks in Finland appear to be paying taxes as required but their tax reporting practices are lacking, according to corporate responsibility group Finnwatch.
Finland’s politicians are to launch a cross-party working group to figure out the best way to fight climate change.
New figures from Statistics Finland reveal that 43,000 more people had a job in October 2018 than one year earlier.
Authorities in Finland have made another big snus smuggling bust.
The ceiling of a Loviisa school built in 2014 caved in, spilling insulation onto the floor. It is the third school ceiling to collapse this month.
Local papers look at feedback to a study criticising phenomenon-based learning, exhausted and cynical high schoolers, bacteria-killing crowberries, and more.
Two major business and worker groups say Finland should reform its pension system to address the country's declining birth rates.
The long-held idea that combating climate change is expensive is turning out to be incorrect, says state innovation agency Sitra.
The Finnish Foreign Ministry expressed its concern over the possible danger to civilian aviation from apparent Russian interference. Moscow later said Finland had presented no evidence.
A Helsinki University researcher says Finland's current digital and 'phenomenon-based' learning methods used in schools may not be suitable for all students.
An increasing number of girls are synthetically suppressing puberty, with prescriptions for hormonal blockers up by 50 percent in the past decade.
Finland's equality paradox, the slow disappearance of Swedish, and the state's reluctance to support medical marijuana treatment.
Social media ignited on Sunday over US president Donald Trump’s comment that wildfire-devastated California should do more 'raking like Finland.' An Arabic mental health hotline in Finland draws calls from young people balancing traditional and modern values.
Finland’s forest management drew praise from US president Donald Trump on his visit to California wildfire zones.
Artist Sanni-Maaria Puustinen collects the remains of dead animals and transforms them into art and shamanistic totems.
Minister of Finance Petteri Orpo brought up recent birth rate statistics on Yle's morning talk show.
